Why do people love Ember?
Ugh! I am just having such a hard time adjusting to work in Ember. Angular was so much better! Can someone explain to me why I should love Ember?


Ember is a vital learning experience! Learning how to route correctly, pass actions up an data down is an important part of programming. Be thankful for the opportunity you get to learn from such amazing teachers!

I know it can be rough, but there is a lot of growth to be had working in Ember. It can help you learn to be diligent in your research as you wade through deprecated, irrelevant, and confusing documentation to find exactly what you need.

Keep at it! If you ever decide to go on and learn Ruby on Rails, Ember will be a valuable resource. YOU GOT THIS!

Go for rock-solid understanding of the basics of Ember, and the more difficult concepts will be easier to grasp. Too many people take off and try to do too much, too soon. Understand the basics, and you will thank yourself in the long run.

You don't need to love it. You just need to be good at it. :)

---
How do I get HTML select form elements to work with Ember?
I have such trouble lately getting HTML select form field selections to be grabbed by my ember code. Anyone have a solution to this problem that does not require a plugin?

Actually, yes Aundra! I just created it last night. Look through my gist and you should find a simple way to incorporate jquery to get this functionality. Good luck!

---

Firebase not saving
I have walked through my code several times now, and I am just so stumped! I need to save questions and answers in a database. This is a one-to-many relationship: Questions can have multiple Answers, but an Answer can only belong to one Question. My code can successfully save an Answer as a child of a Question, but the unique instance of that Answer does not save! The database cannot find the object after creation, and it is not visible on the home screen. Someone help!

Miller, don't forget your commas! In your Answer model, you are missing a comma in your Post property declaration.
